Update README.md (#11)
alecslupu-pfa/decidim-module-custom_proposal_states: README.md

# Module Decidim Custom Proposal States 

## Overview

The Custom Proposal States module is a plugin for Decidim, designed to enhance the flexibility and control over the proposal answering process. This module allows administrators and valuators to create, assign, and manage custom states for proposals, providing a more tailored approach to handle community proposals.

## Acknowledgments

> The module has been financed by the city of Lyon as well as the Civic Engagement Commission of New York, and developed by Alex Lupu for Open Source Politics. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The module has been financed by the city of Lyon as well as the Civic Engagement Commission of New York, and developed by Alexandru-Emil Lupu (@alecslupu) for Open Source Politics. 
```

## Installation

To add this module to your Decidim instance, follow these steps:

1. Add the module to your Gemfile:

   ```ruby
   gem 'decidim-custom_proposal_states'
   ```

2. Run the bundle command to install the gem:

   ```bash
   bundle install
   ```

> 3. Migrate your database to apply new changes:

Reviewer: I would add as step 3 running decidim:upgrade. ( so that we copy the migrations)
